enable, then disable featuregates (#1691)
openshift/enhancements: dev-guide/featuresets.md

Configuration never goes away.
Feature Gates can and do disappear by design.

## Can you disable a Feature Gate that is enabled?

> This depends on what you mean by the questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This depends on what you mean by the question.

If you're asking whether you can disable a Feature Gate on a cluster after enabling it, then the answer is no.  The "enabled" and "disabled" fields in the Feature Gate are not meant to be a toggle selection.
```

Reviewer: > If you're asking whether you can disable a Feature Gate on a cluster after enabling it, then the answer is no.  You can enable a feature by patching the cluster feature gate, but you cannot disable it by patching the cluster feature gate. 

@deads2k this blurb is the main reason I asked for clarification.  Is this right way to express this, or even correct?  We've not been able to toggle the state from enabled back to disabled, but it's never been documented anywhere.

If you mean a flow like:
1. Cluster put into TechPreviewNoUpgrade.  This enables featuregate/X.

> 2. Cluster put into Default.  This disables featuregate/Y.

Reviewer 2: nit: "featuregate/X"

No, we intentionally do not allow transition out of TechPreviewNoUpgrade or DevPreviewNoUpgrade.
We prevent this using API validation that disallows these transitions.

If you mean a flow like:
1. 4.18 Default has featuregate/Y enabled by default.

> 2. 4.19 Default has the featuregate/Y removed for some reason (this occassionally happens in kube).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. 4.19 Default has the featuregate/Y removed for some reason (this occasionally happens in kube).
```

Yes.  This is the exception, not the rule, but it does happen on rare occasions.

> For downstream feature gates, the team will always know that this has happened.

Reviewer: Could you be a little more specific? Is this the release team you're referring to?

Author: > Could you be a little more specific? Is this the release team you're referring to?

Will update and push.  I mean the team that owns the featuregate, since the state of an OCP owned featuregate won't change without contacting the responsible team.
